Improve the Guide on Monitoring log usage (#6750)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/guide/logs-monitors-on-volumes.md

  text: "Learn more about parsing"
---

## Monitor indexed logs with fixed threshold

> Get notified at any moment if the indexed log volumes in any scope (`service`, `availibility-zone`, etc...) of your infrastructure are growing unexpectedly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get notified if the indexed log volumes in any scope (`service`, `availibility-zone`, etc...) of your infrastructure are growing unexpectedly:
```

{{< img src="logs/guide/example_notification.png" alt=" example notification"  style="width:70%;">}}

## Alert on unexpected spikes

### Activate recommended log usage metrics

> Turn on [recommended log usage metrics][3] to start tracking the number of ingested logs, ingested bytes and indexed logs. Go to the [Generate Metrics][5] page and enable those metrics:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Turn on [recommended log usage metrics][3] to start tracking the number of ingested logs, ingested bytes and indexed logs. Navigate to the [Generate Metrics][5] page to enable log usage metrics:
```
